Update complete application tutorial (#569)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/tutorials/complete_applications/complete_application/index.md

Reviewer: Should we add a H2 section to briefly explain what does the application to be build. May be before or after the scaffolding part.

Author: I added a section in the index.md

!!! important "Supported Python versions"

    Taipy requires **Python 3.8** or newer.

Welcome to the **Tutorial** guide on how to make a full application from frontend to

> backend. No prior knowledge is required to complete this Tutorial.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Welcome to the **Tutorial** guide, which will walk you through creating a complete application from the front end 
to the back end. You don't need any prior knowledge to complete this tutorial.
```

>     [Python installation guide](http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/starting/installation/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [Taipy installation guide](../../../installation/index.md)
```

    can guide you through the process.

> Once Taipy is installed, you can use the CLI to create the scaffolding. The default template will be used throughout the creation of the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once Taipy is installed, you can use the CLI to scaffold an application folder. Run the create command line with default template and answer basic questions as follows:
```
